TODOs

---
layout: post
categories: post
title: "2017 Todo List"
---

TODOs

# THIS WEEK:

 • [TODO] Point 5 on Technical Meeting: Look at the auth_htm plugin? 

 • [TODO] Point 13 on Technical Meeting: Check rays response to automated responses and put them in place if we agree with them. 

 • [TODO] Point 23 on Technical Meeting: need to work out a plan for computer audit.
    ◦ What to achieve? What to record? 
    ◦ Technical Meeting: Audit Thoughts
    ◦ Is Audit working for us?
    ◦ What improvements can be made?

 • [TODO] Should we bother getting a new one developed maybe? 

 • [TODO] Read Plugin Policy and provide feedback where possible. 

 • [TODO] Remove learningzoneex from S43v (Suspended currently) 

 • [TODO] Chase Safeguard World 
 
 • [TODO] Make LDR .htaccess changes on Staging sites, too. 
 
 • [TODO] Put Hannah on the scanna.  Added [Wed 2017-03-15] 
 
 • [TODO] Make jamie a special person on Jira so he can make projects 

# DONE

 • [DONE] Arriva Site Setup + HTTPS Certificate

# Current Tasks:

 • Give Hannah access to Audit 

 • Plugins whitelist/blacklist wiki page. 

 • Clean Audit package information

 • This is so what is displayed on the Overs page is more realistic to what needs actioned. 
    ◦ Plan steps for looking at Overs list every Friday morning
    ◦ Probably myself to do this, maybe Jamie. Need to put together a list of who Terri can contact about their storage/users on Mondays. 
    ◦ Plan a way to tidy the packages that aren't the norm
    • Essentially the "all" and "everything" packages. Maybe we can change this so that dedicated sites have a package that reflects their name and spec? 
    ◦ Write up updating Helpspot process in Wiki 

 • Write up plan for moving PFC sites from S20 to S50/60 

 • Go through clean up files found on 2nd Feb 2017
 •  • See logbook 2nd Feb 2017  16:45 

 • Set up The Brooke alias on Help
 •  • Office365 group set up with help set as a member. Emails to thebrookehowtomoodle.com get sent to helphowtomoodle.com but appear as from thebrookehowtomoodle.com
 •  • Testing to ensure Helpspot can filter incoming emails correctly
 •  •  Email: thebrooke
 •  • Ensure helpspot can filter emails from this address correctly. 
 
 • Update cron.sh on S30 and S40 to include check for /tmp/nocron
 •  • For every site, need to add this so we can stop crons on each server 
 •  •  Check sites suspended on S20 pending deletion 

 • Update files.howtomoodle.com to create a totara downloads folder
    ◦ For all clients to access 
    ◦ Write wiki page for the /totara downloads folder
    ◦ Include how to create/remote/change client logins 

 • Check current Totara sites have the config defaults set 

 • Check Solr set-up instructions are correct 

 • Can we do a HTM Managed Moodle repo with plugins
    ◦ Sites only use a copy of the files from one source rather than clone the repository each time. 

 • Remove Monsoon training site from S44v 

 • Contact Totara about access to GIT repo 

 • lms.informa.com -> Update to latest 2.7 in attempt to fix cache larging bug 

 • S36v (Derbyshire Fire) Solr needs installed 

 • Check Ghostscript is working on recent dedicated servers 

 • GIT Downloads for Documentation Website

 • Callums "Grand Idea" 

—-

# Other Tasks:

 • Contact Totara about access to GIT repo
 • Come up with steps on how download from git to zip will work for Callums Client documenation site project
 • lms.informa.com -> Update to latest 2.7 in attempt to fix cache larging bug
 • Get hants sites on S43v scheduled for HTTPS.
 • S36v (Derbyshire Fire) Solr needs installed
 • Check Ghostscript is working on recent dedicated servers
 • Compile list of domains, who they're with and what they're used for
 • Site stats for Stour Valley????
 • support@pukunui.com was sent our audit downtime emails
 • DNS template emails in HS need changed to say mylearningapp not getmoodle
 • "ssl/tls configuration not supported" on Moodle 3.2 (S50)
 • Check Totara sites PHP & MySQL Defaults from Leon's spreadsheet
 • PFC Sites on S20 should be moved to S50?
 • Updraft backups on HTM Website
 • Create GoToMeeting Audio Issues helpsheet...
 • AOA: Install test 2.8 site, install old LDR. Confirm opcache breaks. Install new LDR. Confirm if works.
 • Test LDR works on HTM3 after fast_shutdown set to 0 (after Wednesday when Jamie has moved it)
 • Test LDR 240716
 • Actions for OneClickSSL EOL Meeting
 • Test LDR against Moodle 3.2
 • Test Site Statistics against Moodle 3.2
 • Re-Think LDR Demo idea (See logbook from Wednesday 20th July 2016)
 • Set up the Windows Dev Server again
 • Migrate Leon's test accounts to that server and set up AD. Check its accessible for Leon.
 • All demo sites need moved from HTM4 to HTM3 because client facing.
 • Test latest wordpress update for HTM Website & Plan upgrade of live site
 • Update Wiki page for Themes. (https://wiki.howtomoodle.org/index.php/Themes)
 • Add plugin install process to Wiki
 • Process for client DNS issues raised by Icinga (period until first email?)
 • LPET Staging site has backups enabled.
 • Move domain redirects for HTM1 to 123-Reg
 • Learn about SPF Records. Is this something we should be giving?
 • Plan when upgrades will take place
